README.md, before:

# DNN webportal #

## What is this repository for? ##

* This webportal for creating instance to run DNN.
* Version 0.4.8

![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/DNNweb.gif "DNN web")

## Outline ##

* [What is this repository for ?](#what-is-this-repository-for-?)
* [Features](#features)
* [Docker Image](#docker-image)
    * [Naming of Image](#naming-of-image)
    * [Using the Image](#using-the-image)
    * [Upload image](#upload-image)
    * [Building Image form container](#building-image-form-container)
    * [Building the Image form dockerfile](#building-the-image-form-dockerfile)
        * [Static Dockerfile](#static-dockerfile)
        * [Develop Dockerfile](#develop-dockerfile)
    * [Change API from container](#change-api-from-container)
    * [Change SSHweb from container](#change-sshweb-from-container)
    * [Change FTP from container](#change-ftp-from-container)    
    * [Update webportal from container](#update-webportal-from-container)
* [Webportal Requirement](#webportal-requirement)
* [Develop Requirement](#develop-requirement)
* [Code Style](#code-style)
* [How do I get set up from this porject](#how-do-i-get-set-up-from-this-porject)
    * [Install Modules](#install-modules)
    * [Run dev-server](#run-dev-server)
    * [Testing compnent](#testing-compnent)
    * [Packaging Project](#packaging-project)
* [Built With](#built-with)
* [Package With](#package-with)
* [Package Analysis](#package-analysis)
    * [report.app.html](#report.app.html)
    * [report.dll.html](#report.dll.html)
    * [Other Analysis tools](#other-analysis-tools)
* [Directory Layout](#directory-layout)
* [Google analytics Event data](#google-analytics-event-data)
    * [Anatomy of Events](#anatomy-of-Events)
    * [Webportal events](#webportal-events)
* [Contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
    * [Develop](#develop)
    * [Translation](#translation)
    * [UI&UX Design](#uiampux-design)
    * [PDF Toutorial Edit](#pdf-toutorial-edit)
    * [Video Toutorial](#video-toutorial)
* [Who do I talk to?](#who-do-i-talk-to)
* [Change log](#change-log)

## Features ##

* SignIn & SignOut
* Dynamic generate PDF
* Material style
* i18n
* Create, edit, remove, review instance schedule
* Simply access instance with SSH WEB
* Gzip
* Code splitting
* Isolated React component
* React component development environment with a living guide
* Google analytics
* Package Analysis
* Change API, FTP, SSHweb host&port from container
* Update web version from container
* Docker image

## Docker Image ##

### naming of Image ###

* dnnweb: `dnn-web-gui` version: `0.2.12`
* sshweb: `dnn-web-gui` version: `2017v1.0.0`

### Using the Image ###

* You need import Certificate Authority(CA) on your client
* The `ca.crt` on `./ca`

```
cp ca.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/
sudo update-ca-certificates
sudo service docker restart
```

* You can download image from `100.86.2.10:32190` after import CA

* This image inculde development environment (nodejs, npm ...)
* `TAG` is dnnweb version

```
docker pull 100.86.2.10:32190/dnn-web-gui:TAG
docker run -it -d -p xxxx:80 --name webportal dnn-web-gui:TAG
```

#### If version < `0.4.6` need run `docker exec -it webportal /etc/init.d/nginx start`

### Upload image ###

* You can upload image from `100.86.2.10:32190` after import CA

```
docker tag SOURCE_IMAGE:TAG 100.86.2.10:32190/TARGET_IMAGE:TAG
docker push 100.86.2.10:32190/TARGET_IMAGE:TAG
```

### Building Image form container ###

```
docker commit -a "a40503" <container name> dnn-web-gui:TAG
```

### Building the Image from dockerfile ###

#### Static Dockerfile ####
* This image only have web server and packaged webportal 
* This image NOT inculde development environment 
* You CANNOT Change API,FTP,SSHweb from this container
* Need `npm run build` in first
* Default image name `dnn-web-gui:static`
```
cd docker/static
sh buildImage
```

#### Develop Dockerfile ####
* This image inculde development environment 
* You can Change API,FTP,SSHweb from this container
* Building this image whill take minutes
* Default image name `dnn-web-gui:dev`
```
cd docker/develop
sh buildImage
```

### Change API from container ###

`
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeAPI <your IP with http or https> <port>
`

example :

```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeAPI http://127.0.0.1 9527
```

### Change SSHweb from container ###

* input one port (the ssh gui port(default 10443))

`
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeSSH <your IP with http or https> <port>
`

example :

```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeSSH http://127.0.0.1 5566
```

### Change FTP from container ###

`
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeFTP <your host> <port>
`

example :

```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeFTP 127.0.0.1 9487
```

### Update webportal from container ###

1. Need set `.git-credentials` in first
    Put your git's account&password in `.git-credentials`
    format: `https://username:password@bitbucket.org`
2. Copy `.git-credentials` to container root
```
docker cp .git-credentials <your container>:/root/.git-credentials`
```
3. In container excute `git config --global credential.helper store`
```
docker exec -it <your container> git config --global credential.helper store
```
4. Then using `updateWeb`
example :
```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/updateWeb
```
* on `91% additional asset processing` will take a monent to build
* Will automatically git pull, install module, package and update Web
* Update to `master` lasest version

## Webportal Requirement ##

* NOT support IE

## Develop Requirement ##

* npm > 5.0.4
* nodejs > 6.10.0

## Code Style ##

* [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)

On `.eslintrc` will ignore some rule.

You can using plugin on editor (like Sublime, VS code, Atom, WebStorm ...)

And install these modules :
```
npm install -g prettier eslint-plugin-prettier eslint-config-airbnb eslint-plugin-import eslint-plugin-react eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y@5.1.0
```

## How do I get set up from this porject ##

Ask for developer to get access privileges, then you can clone or fork.
```
git clone https://a40503@bitbucket.org/a40503/dnnwebportal.git
```

### Install Modules ###

```
npm install
```
* for install modules

### Run dev-server ###

```
npm start
```
* need `npm run build` in first time
* for development, run dev-server
* open 'localhost:8080' on browser

### Testing compnent ###

```
npm run styleguide
```
* The compnent document
* open 'localhost:6060' on browser
![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/DNNdoc.gif "DNN doc")

### Packaging Project ###

```
npm run dll
npm run app
```
* package dll(bundle.js,bundle2.js,bundle3.js,bundle4.js) and app(app.js)
* the files will generate in build folder
* on `91% additional asset processing` will take a monent to build

|#|command|generate|
| - | ----------- | ------------ |
| 1 |npm run dll|`bundle.js`,`bundle.js.gz`,`bundle.manifest.json`,`bundle2.js`,`bundle2.js.gz`,`bundle2.manifest.json`,`bundle3.js`,`bundle3.js.gz`,`bundle3.manifest.json`,`bundle4.js`,`bundle4.js.gz`,`bundle4.manifest.json`,`report.dll.html`,`stats.dll.json`|
| 2 |npm run app|`app.js`,`app.js.gz`,`report.app.html`,`stats.app.json`,`index.html`,`main.css`,`/image`,`/locales`,`/res`|
| 3 |npm start  |`stats.dev.json`|

```
npm run build
```
* package all (dll and app)
* the files will generate in build folder

## Built With

* [Reactjs](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
* [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)
* [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux)
* [material-ui](http://www.material-ui.com/)
* [pdfmake](http://pdfmake.org)
* [React Styleguidist](https://react-styleguidist.js.org/)
* [react-ga](https://github.com/react-ga/react-ga)

## Package With

* [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack) - module bundler
	* [UglifyJS](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/uglifyjs-webpack-plugin) - minify JavaScript
	* [Compression](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/compression-webpack-plugin) - compressed static assets
	* [HappyPack](https://github.com/amireh/happypack) - allowing you to transform multiple files in parallel
	* [DllPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/dll-plugin/) - split bundles

## Package Analysis ##

**Different cpu have different result**

### report.app.html

|js|State size|Parse size|Gzipped size|
| --- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
|app.js|633.47KB|288.55KB|71.58KB|

* app.js: kernal code of web
![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/app.PNG "app.js")

### report.dll.html

|js|State size|Parse size|Gzipped size|
| ---------| --------- | --------- | --------- |
|bundle.js|5.03 MB|1.76 MB|460.24 KB|
|bundle2.js|2.83 MB|1.08 MB|483.42 KB|
|bundle3.js|957.7 KB|958.61 KB|679.8 KB|
|bundle4.js|14.86 MB|14.86 MB|8.15 MB|
|All|23.66 MB|18.65 MB|9.74 MB|

* bundle.js: 3rd party modules
* bundle2.js: PDF modules
* bundle3.js: images (with base64)
* bundle4.js: font

![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/dll.PNG "dll.js")

### Other Analysis tools
* put JSON file( `stats.dev.json` , `stats.app.json` , `stats.dll.json` ) on these website
	* analyse - https://github.com/webpack/analyse
	* webpack-visualizer - https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/
	* webpack-chart - https://alexkuz.github.io/webpack-chart/

## Directory Layout ##

```bash
├─build/                        # Build files
│          
├─ca/                           # Certificate Authority
│      
├─docker/                       # Dockerfiles
│      
├─node_modules/                 # 3rd-party libraries and utilities
│          
├─src                           # Application source code
│  ├─app
│  │  │  app.js                 # Aplication shell component
│  │  │  Main.js                # Layout component
│  │  │  
│  │  ├─components              # Aplication Components
│  │  │  │  DeleteModal.js      # Delete Modal component
│  │  │  │  DetailModal.js      # Detail Modal component
│  │  │  │  EditModal.js        # Edit Modal component
│  │  │  │  Footer.js           # Footer component
│  │  │  │  FtpInfoModal.js     # Ftp Information Modal component
│  │  │  │  GpuHandler.js       # Gpu chip component
│  │  │  │  HistoryTable.js     # HistoryTable component
│  │  │  │  HoverDiv.js         # Hover Div component
│  │  │  │  LanguageBtn.js      # Language Button component
│  │  │  │  MainContainer.js    # Main Container component
│  │  │  │  ReviewTable.js      # Review Table component
│  │  │  │  SigninFrom.js       # Signin page component
│  │  │  │  SshWebBtn.js        # SshWeb Button component
│  │  │  │  StatusHandler.js    # Status chip component
│  │  │  │  TutorialBtn.js      # Tutorial Button component
│  │  │  │  TutorialVideoBtn.js # Video Tutorial Button component
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Charts/              # Chart components (not use for now)
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─CreatePage/          # Create Page components
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Notify/              # Notify control with redux
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Machines/            # Machines components for admin
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  └─ReviewCalendar/      # ReviewCalendar components
│  │  │
│  │  ├─image/                  # images
│  │  │
│  │  ├─redux                   # Redux
│  │  │  ├─Admin/               # Admin control
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─HistoryData/         # HistoryData
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─MachineData/         # MachineData
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Notify/              # Notify
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  └─reducers/            # Redux reducers
│  │  │          
│  │  ├─myTheme/                # Theme
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─plugin/                 # Plugins (font)
│  │  │          
│  │  ├─resource                # Datas
│  │  │      api.json           # API's IP & Port
│  │  │      ftp.json           # FTP's IP & Port
│  │  │      index.js           # API methods
│  │  │      sshweb.json        # SSH Web's IP & Port
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─style/                  # Style
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─utils/                  # Utilities (i18n, TutorialFiles...)
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─__mocks__/              # For test
│  │  │      
│  │  └─__test__/               # For test
│  │          
│  └─www/                       # Public assets (Static files)
│              
├─styleguide/                   # Styleguide's wrapper
│      
├─test/                         # For test
│
├─.babelrc                      # Setting babel
├─.eslintrc                     # Setting eslint
├─.gitignore                    # Setting git ignore
├─changeAPI                     # For changing API's IP & Port shell script
├─changeFTP                     # For changing FTP's IP & Port shell script
├─changeSSH                     # For changing SSH web's IP & Port shell script
├─package.json                  # The list of project dependencies + NPM scripts
├─README.md                     # Readme file
├─styleguide.config.js          # Configure file of styleguige
├─updateWeb                     # For auto updating web shell script
├─webpack-dev-server.config.js  # Develop's configure file of webpack
├─webpack-production.config.js  # Production's configure file of webpack
└─webpack.dll.config.js         # Bundle's configure file of webpack
```

## Google analytics Event data ##

### Anatomy of Events

Category -> Action -> Label -> Value
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033068?hl=en

### Webportal events

```javascript
{
  createPage:{
  	selectImage:["All", "Tensorflow", "Caffe", "Torch"],
  	Open:null,
  	Close:null,
  	selectStartDate:["..."],
  	selectEndDate:["..."],
  	createSchedule:["Success"]
  },
  pageView:{
    "Access Web":null
  },
  DetailModal:{
    Open:null,
  	Close:null
  },
  DeleteModal:{
    Open:["1", "5", "12"],
  	Close:["1", "5", "12"],
  	Deleted:["1", "5", "12"]
  },
  EditModal:{
    Open:["1", "5", "12"],
  	Close:["1", "5", "12"],
  	"Select Date":["1", "5", "12"],
  	Edited:["1", "5", "12"]
  },
  HistoryTable:{
    Open:null,
  	Close:null
  },
  Notify:{
    Error:["ERROR : Extend Date", "ERROR : ReviewTable"],
    Copy:["Password", "Port", "sshCMD", "Account", "Ip"]
  },
  FtpInfoModal:{
    Open:null,
  	Close:null
  },
  SignIn:{
    Success:["A40503"],
    Fail:["A40503"]
  },
  ReviewTable:{
    Refresh:null
  },
  PDF:{
    Open:["Eng","Tc"]
  },
  Language:{
    Switch:["Eng","Tw"]
  },
  SignOut:{
    Success:["A40503"]
  },
  Outbound:{
    Click:["SSHweb"]
  }
}
```

## Contribution guidelines ##

### Develop ###
* A40503
* Kevin Huang
* Yenhsuan

### Translation ###
* 531539
* Vicky Wang
* A40503
* Kevin Huang

### UI&UX Design ###
* A40361
* Rachel
* A40503
* Kevin Huang

### PDF Toutorial Edit ###
* A40503
* Kevin Huang
* Yenhsuan

### Video Toutorial ###
* 533830
* Amy
* A60144
* Theresa

## Who do I talk to? ##

* Me or my boss, perhaps.

## Change log ##

last update 2017-10-27

* `0.4.8` add service email
* `0.4.7` add `.git-credentials`
* `0.4.6` add buildImage Shell Script
* `0.4.5` add machineTable, add develop Dockerfile
* `0.4.4` add port forwarding infomation
* `0.4.3` add vedio tutorial
* `0.4.2` get hisotry data by using Redux, add some animate
* `0.4.1` change redux folder
* `0.4.0` change new API
* `0.3.3` fix editDate counting days
* `0.3.2` add updateWeb Shell Script
* `0.3.1` update tutorial APM, hiden instance number
* `0.3.0` change new API
* `0.2.12` add noIE hint, change schedule ID (will show machine ID together)
* `0.2.11` add creatings status, change auto refresh time (6s)
* `0.2.10` reformat most of code
* `0.2.9`  add line logo
* `0.2.8`  add ssh web tutorial
* `0.2.7`  add finishAutoPage, limitDay hints
* `0.2.6`  add shellScript for changeFTP, changeSSH
* `0.2.5`  add shellScript for changeAPI
* `0.2.4`  add Dockerfile
* `0.2.3`  add animate hint
* `0.2.2`  add counting time on sshWebBtn
* `0.2.1`  add sshWeb on reviewTable
* `0.2.0`  change new API
* `0.1.14` add styleguid
* `0.1.13` add comment on proptype of compnents
* `0.1.12` add base64 image
* `0.1.11` add GA
* `0.1.10` add sshWeb
* `0.1.9`  loading status counting, auto refresh after loading 10s
* `0.1.8`  add traditional chinese PDF 
* `0.1.7`  change history table
* `0.1.6`  add PDF tutorial
* `0.1.5`  prototype

Commit message:

add divider and input custom tag description

README.md, after:

# DNN webportal #

## What is this repository for? ##

* This webportal for creating instance to run DNN.
* Version 0.4.9

![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/DNNweb.gif "DNN web")

## Outline ##

* [What is this repository for ?](#what-is-this-repository-for-?)
* [Features](#features)
* [Docker Image](#docker-image)
    * [Naming of Image](#naming-of-image)
    * [Using the Image](#using-the-image)
    * [Upload image](#upload-image)
    * [Building Image form container](#building-image-form-container)
    * [Building the Image form dockerfile](#building-the-image-from-dockerfile)    
        * [Static Dockerfile](#static-dockerfile)
        * [Develop Dockerfile](#develop-dockerfile)
    * [Change API from container](#change-api-from-container)
    * [Change SSHweb from container](#change-sshweb-from-container)
    * [Change FTP from container](#change-ftp-from-container)    
    * [Update webportal from container](#update-webportal-from-container)
* [Webportal Requirement](#webportal-requirement)
* [Develop Requirement](#develop-requirement)
* [Code Style](#code-style)
* [How do I get set up from this porject](#how-do-i-get-set-up-from-this-porject)
    * [Install Modules](#install-modules)
    * [Run dev-server](#run-dev-server)
    * [Testing compnent](#testing-compnent)
    * [Packaging Project](#packaging-project)
* [Built With](#built-with)
* [Package With](#package-with)
* [Package Analysis](#package-analysis)
    * [report.app.html](#report.app.html)
    * [report.dll.html](#report.dll.html)
    * [Other Analysis tools](#other-analysis-tools)
* [Directory Layout](#directory-layout)
* [Google analytics Event data](#google-analytics-event-data)
    * [Anatomy of Events](#anatomy-of-Events)
    * [Webportal events](#webportal-events)
* [Contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
    * [Develop](#develop)
    * [Translation](#translation)
    * [UI&UX Design](#uiampux-design)
    * [PDF Toutorial Edit](#pdf-toutorial-edit)
    * [Video Toutorial](#video-toutorial)
* [Who do I talk to?](#who-do-i-talk-to)
* [Change log](#change-log)

## Features ##

* SignIn & SignOut
* Dynamic generate PDF
* Material style
* i18n
* Create, edit, remove, review instance schedule
* Simply access instance with SSH WEB
* Gzip
* Code splitting
* Isolated React component
* React component development environment with a living guide
* Google analytics
* Package Analysis
* Change API, FTP, SSHweb host&port from container
* Update web version from container
* Docker image

## Docker Image ##

### naming of Image ###
---
* dnnweb: `dnn-web-gui` version: `0.2.12`
* sshweb: `dnn-web-gui` version: `2017v1.0.0`

### Using the Image ###
---
* You need import Certificate Authority(CA) on your client
* The `ca.crt` on `./ca`

```
cp ca.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/
sudo update-ca-certificates
sudo service docker restart
```

* You can download image from `100.86.2.10:32190` after import CA

* This image inculde development environment (nodejs, npm ...)
* `TAG` is dnnweb version

```
docker pull 100.86.2.10:32190/dnn-web-gui:TAG
docker run -it -d -p xxxx:80 --name webportal dnn-web-gui:TAG
```

#### If version < `0.4.6` need run `docker exec -it webportal /etc/init.d/nginx start`

### Upload image ###
---
* You can upload image from `100.86.2.10:32190` after import CA

```
docker tag SOURCE_IMAGE:TAG 100.86.2.10:32190/TARGET_IMAGE:TAG
docker push 100.86.2.10:32190/TARGET_IMAGE:TAG
```

### Building Image form container ###
---
```
docker commit -a "a40503" <container name> dnn-web-gui:TAG
```

### Building the Image from dockerfile ###
---
#### Static Dockerfile ####
* This image only have web server and packaged webportal 
* This image NOT inculde development environment 
* You CANNOT Change API,FTP,SSHweb from this container
* Need `npm run build` in first
* Default image name `dnn-web-gui:static`
```
cd docker/static
sh buildImage
```

#### Develop Dockerfile ####
* This image inculde development environment 
* You can Change API,FTP,SSHweb from this container
* Building this image whill take minutes
* Default image name `dnn-web-gui:${current vserion}`
* You can input your tag or not. (default tag is current vserion)
```
cd docker/develop
sh buildImage <b><your tag></b>
```

### Change API from container ###
---
`
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeAPI <your IP with http or https> <port>
`

example :

```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeAPI http://127.0.0.1 9527
```

### Change SSHweb from container ###
---
* input one port (the ssh gui port(default 10443))

`
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeSSH <your IP with http or https> <port>
`

example :

```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeSSH http://127.0.0.1 5566
```

### Change FTP from container ###
---
`
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeFTP <your host> <port>
`

example :

```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/changeFTP 127.0.0.1 9487
```

### Update webportal from container ###
---
1. Need set `.git-credentials` in first
    Put your git's account&password in `.git-credentials`
    format: `https://username:password@bitbucket.org`
2. Copy `.git-credentials` to container root
```
docker cp .git-credentials <your container>:/root/.git-credentials`
```
3. In container excute `git config --global credential.helper store`
```
docker exec -it <your container> git config --global credential.helper store
```
4. Then using `updateWeb`
example :
```
docker exec dnn-web-gui sh /dnnwebportal/updateWeb
```
* on `91% additional asset processing` will take a monent to build
* Will automatically git pull, install module, package and update Web
* Update to `master` lasest version

## Webportal Requirement ##

* NOT support IE

## Develop Requirement ##

* npm > 5.0.4
* nodejs > 6.10.0

## Code Style ##

* [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)

On `.eslintrc` will ignore some rule.

You can using plugin on editor (like Sublime, VS code, Atom, WebStorm ...)

And install these modules :
```
npm install -g prettier eslint-plugin-prettier eslint-config-airbnb eslint-plugin-import eslint-plugin-react eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y@5.1.0
```

## How do I get set up from this porject ##

**Ask for developer to get access privileges, then you can clone or fork.**
```
git clone https://github.com/ITRI-ICL-DivX/dnn-web-portal.git
```

### Install Modules ###
---
```
npm install
```
* for install modules

### Run dev-server ###
---
```
npm start
```
* need `npm run build` in first time
* for development, run dev-server
* open 'localhost:8080' on browser

### Testing compnent ###
---
```
npm run styleguide
```
* The compnent document
* open 'localhost:6060' on browser
![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/DNNdoc.gif "DNN doc")

### Packaging Project ###
---
```
npm run dll
npm run app
```
* package dll(bundle.js,bundle2.js,bundle3.js,bundle4.js) and app(app.js)
* the files will generate in build folder
* on `91% additional asset processing` will take a monent to build

|#|command|generate|
| - | ----------- | ------------ |
| 1 |npm run dll|`bundle.js`,`bundle.js.gz`,`bundle.manifest.json`,`bundle2.js`,`bundle2.js.gz`,`bundle2.manifest.json`,`bundle3.js`,`bundle3.js.gz`,`bundle3.manifest.json`,`bundle4.js`,`bundle4.js.gz`,`bundle4.manifest.json`,`report.dll.html`,`stats.dll.json`|
| 2 |npm run app|`app.js`,`app.js.gz`,`report.app.html`,`stats.app.json`,`index.html`,`main.css`,`/image`,`/locales`,`/res`|
| 3 |npm start  |`stats.dev.json`|

```
npm run build
```
* package all (dll and app)
* the files will generate in build folder

## Built With

* [Reactjs](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
* [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)
* [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux)
* [material-ui](http://www.material-ui.com/)
* [pdfmake](http://pdfmake.org)
* [React Styleguidist](https://react-styleguidist.js.org/)
* [react-ga](https://github.com/react-ga/react-ga)

## Package With

* [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack) - module bundler
	* [UglifyJS](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/uglifyjs-webpack-plugin) - minify JavaScript
	* [Compression](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/compression-webpack-plugin) - compressed static assets
	* [HappyPack](https://github.com/amireh/happypack) - allowing you to transform multiple files in parallel
	* [DllPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/dll-plugin/) - split bundles

## Package Analysis ##

**Different cpu have different result**

### report.app.html

|js|State size|Parse size|Gzipped size|
| --- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
|app.js|633.47KB|288.55KB|71.58KB|

* app.js: kernal code of web
![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/app.PNG "app.js")

### report.dll.html

|js|State size|Parse size|Gzipped size|
| ---------| --------- | --------- | --------- |
|bundle.js|5.03 MB|1.76 MB|460.24 KB|
|bundle2.js|2.83 MB|1.08 MB|483.42 KB|
|bundle3.js|957.7 KB|958.61 KB|679.8 KB|
|bundle4.js|14.86 MB|14.86 MB|8.15 MB|
|All|23.66 MB|18.65 MB|9.74 MB|

* bundle.js: 3rd party modules
* bundle2.js: PDF modules
* bundle3.js: images (with base64)
* bundle4.js: font

![alt text](/src/app/image/readme/dll.PNG "dll.js")

### Other Analysis tools
* put JSON file( `stats.dev.json` , `stats.app.json` , `stats.dll.json` ) on these website
	* analyse - https://github.com/webpack/analyse
	* webpack-visualizer - https://chrisbateman.github.io/webpack-visualizer/
	* webpack-chart - https://alexkuz.github.io/webpack-chart/

## Directory Layout ##

```bash
├─build/                        # Build files
│          
├─ca/                           # Certificate Authority
│      
├─docker/                       # Dockerfiles
│      
├─node_modules/                 # 3rd-party libraries and utilities
│          
├─src                           # Application source code
│  ├─app
│  │  │  app.js                 # Aplication shell component
│  │  │  Main.js                # Layout component
│  │  │  
│  │  ├─components              # Aplication Components
│  │  │  │  DeleteModal.js      # Delete Modal component
│  │  │  │  DetailModal.js      # Detail Modal component
│  │  │  │  EditModal.js        # Edit Modal component
│  │  │  │  Footer.js           # Footer component
│  │  │  │  FtpInfoModal.js     # Ftp Information Modal component
│  │  │  │  GpuHandler.js       # Gpu chip component
│  │  │  │  HistoryTable.js     # HistoryTable component
│  │  │  │  HoverDiv.js         # Hover Div component
│  │  │  │  LanguageBtn.js      # Language Button component
│  │  │  │  MainContainer.js    # Main Container component
│  │  │  │  ReviewTable.js      # Review Table component
│  │  │  │  SigninFrom.js       # Signin page component
│  │  │  │  SshWebBtn.js        # SshWeb Button component
│  │  │  │  StatusHandler.js    # Status chip component
│  │  │  │  TutorialBtn.js      # Tutorial Button component
│  │  │  │  TutorialVideoBtn.js # Video Tutorial Button component
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Charts/              # Chart components (not use for now)
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─CreatePage/          # Create Page components
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Notify/              # Notify control with redux
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Machines/            # Machines components for admin
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  └─ReviewCalendar/      # ReviewCalendar components
│  │  │
│  │  ├─image/                  # images
│  │  │
│  │  ├─redux                   # Redux
│  │  │  ├─Admin/               # Admin control
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─HistoryData/         # HistoryData
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─MachineData/         # MachineData
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  ├─Notify/              # Notify
│  │  │  │      
│  │  │  └─reducers/            # Redux reducers
│  │  │          
│  │  ├─myTheme/                # Theme
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─plugin/                 # Plugins (font)
│  │  │          
│  │  ├─resource                # Datas
│  │  │      api.json           # API's IP & Port
│  │  │      ftp.json           # FTP's IP & Port
│  │  │      index.js           # API methods
│  │  │      sshweb.json        # SSH Web's IP & Port
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─style/                  # Style
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─utils/                  # Utilities (i18n, TutorialFiles...)
│  │  │      
│  │  ├─__mocks__/              # For test
│  │  │      
│  │  └─__test__/               # For test
│  │          
│  └─www/                       # Public assets (Static files)
│              
├─styleguide/                   # Styleguide's wrapper
│      
├─test/                         # For test
│
├─.babelrc                      # Setting babel
├─.eslintrc                     # Setting eslint
├─.gitignore                    # Setting git ignore
├─changeAPI                     # For changing API's IP & Port shell script
├─changeFTP                     # For changing FTP's IP & Port shell script
├─changeSSH                     # For changing SSH web's IP & Port shell script
├─package.json                  # The list of project dependencies + NPM scripts
├─README.md                     # Readme file
├─styleguide.config.js          # Configure file of styleguige
├─updateWeb                     # For auto updating web shell script
├─webpack-dev-server.config.js  # Develop's configure file of webpack
├─webpack-production.config.js  # Production's configure file of webpack
└─webpack.dll.config.js         # Bundle's configure file of webpack
```

## Google analytics Event data ##

### Anatomy of Events

Category -> Action -> Label -> Value
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033068?hl=en

### Webportal events

```javascript
{
  createPage:{
  	selectImage:["All", "Tensorflow", "Caffe", "Torch"],
  	Open:null,
  	Close:null,
  	selectStartDate:["..."],
  	selectEndDate:["..."],
  	createSchedule:["Success"]
  },
  pageView:{
    "Access Web":null
  },
  DetailModal:{
    Open:null,
  	Close:null
  },
  DeleteModal:{
    Open:["1", "5", "12"],
  	Close:["1", "5", "12"],
  	Deleted:["1", "5", "12"]
  },
  EditModal:{
    Open:["1", "5", "12"],
  	Close:["1", "5", "12"],
  	"Select Date":["1", "5", "12"],
  	Edited:["1", "5", "12"]
  },
  HistoryTable:{
    Open:null,
  	Close:null
  },
  Notify:{
    Error:["ERROR : Extend Date", "ERROR : ReviewTable"],
    Copy:["Password", "Port", "sshCMD", "Account", "Ip"]
  },
  FtpInfoModal:{
    Open:null,
  	Close:null
  },
  SignIn:{
    Success:["A40503"],
    Fail:["A40503"]
  },
  ReviewTable:{
    Refresh:null
  },
  PDF:{
    Open:["Eng","Tc"]
  },
  Language:{
    Switch:["Eng","Tw"]
  },
  SignOut:{
    Success:["A40503"]
  },
  Outbound:{
    Click:["SSHweb"]
  }
}
```

## Contribution guidelines ##

### Develop ###
* A40503
* Kevin Huang
* Yenhsuan

### Translation ###
* 531539
* Vicky Wang
* A40503
* Kevin Huang

### UI&UX Design ###
* A40361
* Rachel
* A40503
* Kevin Huang

### PDF Toutorial Edit ###
* A40503
* Kevin Huang
* Yenhsuan

### Video Toutorial ###
* 533830
* Amy
* A60144
* Theresa

## Who do I talk to? ##

* Me or my boss, perhaps.

## Change log ##

last update 2017-11-01

* `0.4.9` buildImage with custom tag
* `0.4.8` add service email
* `0.4.7` add `.git-credentials`
* `0.4.6` add buildImage Shell Script
* `0.4.5` add machineTable, add develop Dockerfile
* `0.4.4` add port forwarding infomation
* `0.4.3` add vedio tutorial
* `0.4.2` get hisotry data by using Redux, add some animate
* `0.4.1` change redux folder
* `0.4.0` change new API
* `0.3.3` fix editDate counting days
* `0.3.2` add updateWeb Shell Script
* `0.3.1` update tutorial APM, hiden instance number
* `0.3.0` change new API
* `0.2.12` add noIE hint, change schedule ID (will show machine ID together)
* `0.2.11` add creatings status, change auto refresh time (6s)
* `0.2.10` reformat most of code
* `0.2.9`  add line logo
* `0.2.8`  add ssh web tutorial
* `0.2.7`  add finishAutoPage, limitDay hints
* `0.2.6`  add shellScript for changeFTP, changeSSH
* `0.2.5`  add shellScript for changeAPI
* `0.2.4`  add Dockerfile
* `0.2.3`  add animate hint
* `0.2.2`  add counting time on sshWebBtn
* `0.2.1`  add sshWeb on reviewTable
* `0.2.0`  change new API
* `0.1.14` add styleguid
* `0.1.13` add comment on proptype of compnents
* `0.1.12` add base64 image
* `0.1.11` add GA
* `0.1.10` add sshWeb
* `0.1.9`  loading status counting, auto refresh after loading 10s
* `0.1.8`  add traditional chinese PDF 
* `0.1.7`  change history table
* `0.1.6`  add PDF tutorial
* `0.1.5`  prototype
